“Is that what you’re going by now?”
You smile at me and it’s almost apologetic. A slight furrow of your brow, a twitch of the lip. Your eyes dart from side to side. Minute motions, so small that I’m not sure if I’m imagining it - you go to such great lengths to play politeness that it’s almost indistinguishable from the real thing. Almost.
“And that’s what you want me to call you?”
Right. It’s something I want. It would be nice, but only if it wasn’t such an extreme inconvenience for you. It’s just something I want. But please, please, don’t go out of your way to say it. I can see it in your face, from the way that you hesitate before my name comes out of your mouth. I couldn’t bear to make things harder for you. 
“Can I call you something easier instead?” 
Oh, by all means. That’s exactly what I was hoping for. I mustered up the nerve to tell you because I wanted to give you a couple of options. In fact, why don’t you come up with something better? You don’t seem to care about my opinion very much anyways. After all, you know what’s best for me. Go ahead, breathe a sigh of relief.
"But you don’t mind if I still call you by your old name, right?” 
It’s just – just – does it ever occur to you? Does it occur to you that I’m telling you because I care? I want you to understand this. Do you know how frustrating it is to hear you say that? It’s one thing to hear this from someone I don’t know. But do you get it? That I need this because I care about you? Am I really, really asking for that much?
“I’m just so used to, you know, the old you.”
You don’t get to say that unless you give a shit about me now.
“Calm down. It’s not a big deal.” 
It’s not a big deal? What don’t you understand? What aren’t you getting about this? Do you see what’s going on here? This isn’t a quaint little exercise in politeness the way you seem to think it is. This is about you and me. About us.
“Us?”
If you can’t address me by my name, there is no us.
“...”
My name is !. I can’t fight this fight forever. It’s your call.